Hi, I have included a new repository medical billing solutions. You will see that there’s some files in there to folder for you to review. I’d like to review it and total. It’s a medical billing solutions company. I’m doing the website for I have included several files which are HTML files of pages that I plan on launching for this client there’s really two different kinds of files in there three I guess overall the main file for you to look at will be the ones that says HTML you will see if we have like a homepage we have a medical billing page a consulting page a funding page and a couple licensing pages. Most of the pages are completely HTML 100% so you will be able to see the website in total how I expected to look or how we how he it looks currently I have no issues at all with those pages. I would of course like your help and enhancing those. I’ve labeled them as HTML for now they include headers and footers very rough draft. I would like helping enhancing them but it also you will see that there’s two other files homepage that says homepage Dash HTML and there is a page that also give me homepage Dom is what it says, and then there is a medical page dumb so both of those pages are pages that I have built out already and go high level and what you were seeing there is a result of the Dom from those pages when I’m looking at them live so those are using the custom GHL builder which you will see that there’s definitely some issues in there, but then also I gave you separately homepage a homepage HTML file and and about HTML file I would like or see a medical billing HTML file. I would like you to review those and see what you can do to enhance it. Also along with the other HML files but ultimately the thing to remember is that I’m you know hopefully gonna put this in go high level so I’d like a work with you and getting everything perfect for the HML the HTML versions link it together all that great stuff so I can view it and then ultimately step two once we get that perfect will be. I’d like to put everything in GHL into their builder so then I need your help getting the Dom versions basically perfect so maybe look at the damn versions now you know get your thoughts on it how what can we do now to make them? Perfect I love to share you know if it’s easier just to make the Don versions perfect with some adjustments. Let’s do that so maybe see if you can analyze the Don versions understand what’s happening what needs to be done to get those perfect so they look like the original HTML versions but then also let’s prepare the website you know for a normal website, including head her foot or all that stuff you’ll see I have given you a header code and footer code that I currently have on the GHL versions if that makes sense so in GHL to achieve the Dom, I gave you the header and footer on that that’s currently on that page but you don’t have what’s actually inside go high-level cause I did it with their builder so it can’t really replicate, but please review and prepare