Feb 25, 2026
Kam/ Tim - Marketing Review - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Tim Hershberger: Oh. Huh. Huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Hello.
Kamil Rajpoot: Hey Tim.
Tim Hershberger: What's up, Camille? How are you?
Kamil Rajpoot: I'm good brother.
Tim Hershberger: How are you?
Kamil Rajpoot: How are you?
Tim Hershberger: I'm doing all right. You feeling
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh yeah man,
Tim Hershberger: better?
Kamil Rajpoot: it was kind of weird. I had this yesterday I just woke up with this weird stomach bug and like I was just feeling nauseous. I was yakking and I was like you know let me just try and stay hydrated. So I just down a couple of drinks like the um you know when you're dehydrated they have these like electrolyte drinks. So, was just downing those yesterday and I'm like 70% better. I still feel it a little bit in my stomach, but um I don't know, man. I just I just think it's something going around here. So, I'm I'm I'm getting better slowly, though.
Tim Hershberger: Good.
Kamil Rajpoot: Thanks for asking.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, I know.
 
 
00:02:42
 
Tim Hershberger: Uh, I mean I'm on another side of the country technically from you, but um I had something similar like a month ago and my wife's in healthcare and there I mean
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: it's going around. It's there's a n couple nasty variations going
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: around doing better.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. How's your
Tim Hershberger: How long I know you're busy and especially being sick doesn't help that. How long do you comfortably have today
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, I have probably a solid hour.
Tim Hershberger: chat?
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, if that works. If we need more, let me know. I'll see if I can push my 12:00 back a little bit. But, uh, I have a solid hour if, uh, worst case.
Tim Hershberger: That's cool. Yeah. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Um, good. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Could I start real quick,
Tim Hershberger: So, uh,
Kamil Rajpoot: Tim? I just wanted to start real quick and then I'll let you dive in. So, I just wanted to confirm something with you.
 
 
00:03:21
 
Tim Hershberger: Y.
Kamil Rajpoot: So, I want to share my screen. It's kind of silly. Um, but could just be a small thing. Um, okay, let me go here. Okay, let me share my screen. Uh, entire screen. Share. Okay. Can you see my screen?
Tim Hershberger: Yes. Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: so this is in regards to Luke. Um, he asked me about the email thing and I sent him yours and he's like, "Are you sure?" And I'm like, "You're asking me if I'm sure then I'm not." So that's when I reached out to you and you're like, "No, no, put your email address." No problem. So a very simple question is one thing I just noticed that I want to highlight to you um is right here. Hold on one second. Okay. So, on the username, whoever set this up for me did it incorrectly. Um, this is not the right email address. Um, so my question to you is, can I change this and will it mess anything up?
 
 
00:04:40
 
Tim Hershberger: I would wait um honestly because there is some rules in regards to transferring domains and things like that. You definitely can, but because we're trying to get control of the other domain right now and that honestly is a priority, I would leave it for now. Get control. It will take less than 24 hours. As soon as he does what he needs to do, then you definitely can change that 100%. But get control of the domain first. I just don't want to tell you something wrong because I know if you change the owner of a domain, well, I know for sure if you change the owner of a domain,
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: um, you cannot change it. You cannot transfer it for like 90 days or something. I don't know about the email. I wouldn't risk it seriously because there's a lot waiting on this domain name. I'm just kid.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, I I would do it tomorrow as soon as you or the day after.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
 
 
00:05:25
 
Kamil Rajpoot: So, I guess my question is when I log on on whatever this I think I forgot my email. I was already logged in. That's not going to affect anything in terms of this, right? Um, now although that's I guess what is is there downsides of having an incorrect email address here?
Tim Hershberger: No, it's just I think if I'm correct, that's where GoDaddy sends everything.
Kamil Rajpoot: No,
Tim Hershberger: Does that sound right? Is that the email you're using to login
Kamil Rajpoot: but that's not No,
Tim Hershberger: with?
Kamil Rajpoot: that's that's it's incorrect. So, it's adminbillingco.com and someone put
Tim Hershberger: Go back again real quick. I'm with you. I I misunderstood where you were at.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: You're looking at you're not looking at your domain.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: You're looking at another domain,
Kamil Rajpoot: No, I'm logged in.
Tim Hershberger: right?
Kamil Rajpoot: So on GoDaddy, right? And then So when I log into Let's start start from the beginning, right? So you can see what I'm seeing here.
 
 
00:06:08
 
Tim Hershberger: It might be your billing info and that's okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh, shoot. Did my screen go off?
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Ah, why does it keep doing that,
Tim Hershberger: I don't think it might it might just be the billing info and if it is that's
Kamil Rajpoot: man? That's so annoying. Oh,
Tim Hershberger: okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: okay. I don't know why there's a timing thing. It's so stupid. You can see my screen.
Tim Hershberger: M though is the one you log in with.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Okay. So I'm logged in. You see this,
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: right?
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: So when I click here,
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: okay, and then I just want to view some my like my profile, right? I click here. So what I'm saying is this email address,
Tim Hershberger: Oh, that's your username,
Kamil Rajpoot: right?
Tim Hershberger: right? That's weird that he did that. I mean, that's fine.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: I think you can change that.
 
 
00:06:50
 
Tim Hershberger: Yes. And that's a username. That's not an email.
Kamil Rajpoot: God
Tim Hershberger: That's not an email. Like my username in GoDaddy for instance is t hers4114.
Kamil Rajpoot: bless.
Tim Hershberger: You can log in with a username or a customer number or an email. The email on file is the correct email. So is the phone number. So this is irrelevant. Honestly,
Kamil Rajpoot: It's irrelevant.
Tim Hershberger: this is totally irrelevant.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. How can I triple check my email? Because again, I was logged in. That's why I didn't log in here.
Tim Hershberger: Uh you should see somewhere like go down a little bit.
Kamil Rajpoot: Is there
Tim Hershberger: I see your phone number. Like it should be like right here. Um uh go to
Kamil Rajpoot: cuz I want to give him the right email
Tim Hershberger: um enhanced security active signins.
Kamil Rajpoot: address.
Tim Hershberger: Uh go back. You guys just go to the top like why can't you see it? That's weird.
 
 
00:07:32
 
Tim Hershberger: Um account settings. Account settings I guess. Do it one more time and go back to account settings.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, let's go here.
Tim Hershberger: It's weird. That's not where that is.
Kamil Rajpoot: Account settings right here.
Tim Hershberger: Um email right there.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, gotcha. So that that's okay.
Tim Hershberger: Give them that.
Kamil Rajpoot: That that email is fine. So send him this one.
Tim Hershberger: Yes, sir.
Kamil Rajpoot: Correct.
Tim Hershberger: Yep. 100%. And then there's going to be you're going to get an email as soon as it does it and then you have to accept it. You could probably do it by yourself.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Um but then you have to accept it. It's pretty simple. Then once you do that, that domain will be in there with the others. Um and then we can set up some stuff like I really do think connecting Google Search Console based on everything I keep reading. I think connecting all this and analytics is going to make it so you don't have to do the video.
 
 
00:08:12
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Perfect.
Tim Hershberger: Like it really does sound like that's legit.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Okay. Perfect. So, I sent it to him.
Tim Hershberger: Cool.
Kamil Rajpoot: So, that is he's he's a cool guy. He just responded. He said he doesn't come on much, but I think he's trying to get this done for us. So, I anticipate him responding probably during our meeting saying,
Tim Hershberger: Y that's
Kamil Rajpoot: "Hey, it's done." So, um if there's any additional action items from me,
Tim Hershberger: cool.
Kamil Rajpoot: just let me know and then I'll take it from there.
Tim Hershberger: Sounds good. So, uh really this hour or 50 minutes I would love to just get feedback.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Um, I don't want to go much further honestly on what I'm doing. Um, until I know how you feel about everything just because I could go down some rabbit holes that aren't good.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Cool.
Tim Hershberger: Um, you know what? What? If we just have you drive this meeting because I think I'm at a point where I could do that.
 
 
00:08:51
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Um, there's two things I'd love to review. If you want to share your screen again.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. One second.
Tim Hershberger: one might as
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Let's
Tim Hershberger: well because I'm recording this and I just honestly need to hear you your thoughts on a bunch of things because I'm going I could go down
Kamil Rajpoot: go.
Tim Hershberger: a wrong path or I could go really deep down a path you don't agree with. So, I might as well just make sure I'm on the same page with you because I am making progress. Did you see the websites and everything by chance?
Kamil Rajpoot: No. So, do you want me to go to your messages?
Tim Hershberger: Oh, Upwork. Yeah, let's just start there. Like let's start with the calendar though.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Have you guys looked at this video I made of the
Kamil Rajpoot: I I sent it to them and they responded like,
Tim Hershberger: calendar?
Kamil Rajpoot: "Yep, that's fine. We're working on it." Or they they're they didn't have any
 
 
00:09:38
 
Tim Hershberger: Do you understand what's happening with it?
Kamil Rajpoot: questions.
Tim Hershberger: Do you understand? Go. Let's go to go high level real quick.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Just super quick. This won't take long because this is all looping together now. The calendar, the website, booking process. Um it's all like there. So, I just want to make sure you're good with what the plan is or really verify what the plan is and then we'll end up on the website. Start let's start with the calendar though because this is the media thing I think honestly that is going to benefit you guys. All of it's going to benefit you I should say. Let's see. Are they using it right now? I can tell if they're using your account. Yeah. Um let me know when you're ready. Oh yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: login tracking website.
Kamil Rajpoot: hold on. Of course, it's locked me out. Let me figure out one second.
 
 
00:10:29
 
Tim Hershberger: Oh, it looks like maybe let's
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, go.
Tim Hershberger: just
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, I got it right here. One second.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, it's okay. That's fine. I knew they probably would. All right.
Kamil Rajpoot: I'm just waiting for the stupid text. Okay. 1 5 7 6 7 Okay, I'm I'm
Tim Hershberger: Cool. All right. So,
Kamil Rajpoot: in
Tim Hershberger: I have set it up so that they can automatically Let's just do this real quick together one time. So, go to contacts. Um, find your contact. Find a like that personal email you entered. Um, yeah, close that thing. Top right hand corner. Search contacts right there. Now, middle down a little bit to the middle. You're close. Oh, you just lost your share screen somehow.
Kamil Rajpoot: What am I doing wrong on the share screen part,
Tim Hershberger: I don't know how that happened.
Kamil Rajpoot: man?
Tim Hershberger: If it happens again,
Kamil Rajpoot: What is going?
 
 
00:12:06
 
Tim Hershberger: we can switch. But I think this is going to be
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, look. Share.
Tim Hershberger: useful.
Kamil Rajpoot: What am I? Okay. If I share screen, should I do maybe I'm doing entire screen and for some reason that
Tim Hershberger: Do entire screen. Maybe that's Yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: has Okay.
Tim Hershberger: just do entire screen.
Kamil Rajpoot: Well, that's what I'm doing, but I don't know.
Tim Hershberger: That should be right.
Kamil Rajpoot: Whatever.
Tim Hershberger: I mean, that should solve
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: everything.
Kamil Rajpoot: Anyways, uh let's go back. Okay, I'm
Tim Hershberger: Just need to see where you're at.
Kamil Rajpoot: here.
Tim Hershberger: Yes, sir. Yeah. So, in that little search contacts box, top righthand corner, see a little search contacts thing down. That's where you're always going to go. So, search your email, your personal email. All right, just to Yeah, good. You got plenty of them. So Oh, no you don't. Yeah, pick any of them.
 
 
00:12:53
 
Tim Hershberger: Do do your personal though, so you can see how this works. I don't want it to come from admin. Or do any email you have. It could be a buddy's email, anything that you that we can use.
Kamil Rajpoot: That's This is my Gmail.
Tim Hershberger: You don't? Okay, so you don't have one. That's fine. Hit add contact. You don't have one. So just Oh, how did I So something's happening. Yeah, I'm losing your thing, man.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh
Tim Hershberger: It's something you're clicking and it's causing it to lose the screen share.
Kamil Rajpoot: what?
Tim Hershberger: I don't know why I keep wasting your time, man. Why is that not
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me try this. Let me try it another way. And if this doesn't work,
Tim Hershberger: working?
Kamil Rajpoot: then maybe you can share. I try I I shared it a different way. Now let me know if I if you lose me. Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
 
 
00:13:32
 
Tim Hershberger: Yeah. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: So,
Tim Hershberger: Yeah. All right.
Kamil Rajpoot: I'm here now.
Tim Hershberger: So, let's just for the heck of it, is there any of those that are not real people? No.
Kamil Rajpoot: No,
Tim Hershberger: It's okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: they're probably real pe No,
Tim Hershberger: Let's create one together.
Kamil Rajpoot: they're likely real
Tim Hershberger: Let's do one together just so you can see how it works.
Kamil Rajpoot: people.
Tim Hershberger: Like just to walk through it. Hit add contact. Top right hand corner. This is how your your employees do it. Someone calls in, they enter a name. Enter your name like Camille test or test record or whatever you want to call it. First, last name. Enter an email address. Something that you do have access to that's not your admin at so your other one is fine. Um and we're just going to do some you need to see how this works. Uh, and then enter your phone number there.
 
 
00:14:13
 
Tim Hershberger: Perfect. Fantastic. And just remember, you're the customer and the account in this case. Um, yep. Lead. Either one. Doesn't matter. Uh, perfect. And then just hit save. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that at all. You only do that if the customer's like, "Stop emailing me." Um,
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: what do you mean duplicate context? Um, add Okay. the very end of your email address right after the OT. Put your mouse, hit a plus sign, um, test. Just type test, the word test, and then hit save. If it should let it go, man. Do you have any other email address?
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Enter something else. It's not for some reason liking it. What's it saying?
Kamil Rajpoot: The location does
Tim Hershberger: Oh, get rid of the phone. Get rid of the phone number. That's what it is. Sorry.
 
 
00:15:14
 
Tim Hershberger: Sorry.
Kamil Rajpoot: not
Tim Hershberger: Phone number. Just delete it. Get rid of it. You don't even need it. All right. Hit save. We have it set up so you can't have multiple phone numbers, which is good. But for this, it's created a problem. So, let's say the customer called in. You're talking to the customer. Right here is where you can immediately text them and email them. If you have their phone number, you can text them. Do you have a personal phone number, a different phone number than the one that we're using for like your
Kamil Rajpoot: This my main is my only
Tim Hershberger: business? That's fine. So, just know that if we entered a different phone number right here,
Kamil Rajpoot: one.
Tim Hershberger: it then an option the text message would show up. Um, if you enter like your wife's phone number or something or someone, it would show up. But anyways, let's move on. Go down to see on the left where it says select calendar to connect or to contact.
 
 
00:15:58
 
Tim Hershberger: There you go. Send calendar contact. Sorry. So, they're talking on the phone, right? This is this is what we want them to do. I promise you, we want them to do this. There are sales people, and I'm just talking vaguely here, but sales people don't like to interrupt their flow. They don't, you know, this might not work well for their conversations, but we want it to happen. So, this we're going to soon as they express interest and they we think that they want to schedule an appointment, we're just going to say, "Hey, can I send you an appointment request or a link or something like that?" We would love for them to use this. Basically, click one of those. So, click like a AL application consult. Let's say that the prospect mentions that they're interested in it. And we want them to just say, "Hey, to make it easier for you, I'm just going to send you a link in case you ever want to schedule it." Hit save.
 
 
00:16:40
 
Tim Hershberger: So, actually, you you do this when they say they do want it. When they want to schedule a consult, I'm going to send you a link. So, I've got this all set up. Camille, go ahead. And it should let you hit save. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Um, so as soon as you do that, it's going to immediately send a message. Go ahead and click on it real quick just so you can see it. Click on that little thing to the left. Not that one. So, let me back up. Since you sent a message to someone, we're creating an opportunity. It's an opportunity. I created a pipeline, but I'm not touching their pipeline at this second. It's a different pipeline just to track it. So, click on that message right there. Like, literally click. Now, you can see what they got sent, right? So this is what they got sent and the main benefit is that we are tracking all this and the customer it's really easy for them.
 
 
00:17:31
 
Tim Hershberger: So just follow me here. Right click click here. Right click that. Click here word. Open a new window if you can or are you at a Mac? Yep. There you go. Bingo. Okay. Perfect. So this is where they go. Go ahead and schedule yourself an appointment. So the customer can go through there. You can pick any day of the week you want. I think I have it set to let them schedule 30 days out. You can do more if we want, but you basically have five different calendars now. And it's synced with your calendar.
Kamil Rajpoot: Should
Tim Hershberger: So, pick a time and date. I have a buffer of 30 minutes. We can adjust all this. I mean, every single aspect of this. Um, enter your name. Try to remember that same email address you just used. So, what this is going to do is it's going to send you the message.
 
 
00:18:18
 
Tim Hershberger: If you have an SMS, Camille, it would have sent you a text message.
Kamil Rajpoot: I put my phone number?
Tim Hershberger: So, it's gonna Yes. Uh, no, don't let's not confuse things. Oh, it's going to make you put your phone number actually. Yeah, put your phone number. Let's see how it handles it. I could change that, too. But in this case, you're calling them. So, I mean, you do need their phone number. And I can lose the confirm, but it's probably best to have it for now. hit schedule meeting so they can so so they could schedule the meeting easily, right? And then they might your customers or your employees might not want to do this because the meeting scheduled with you. So, I'm not sure about that, but go back to to GHL real quick and just to say it. We can do a calendar for them, too. If they'd rather the calendar appointment come so they can talk to them, we can do that either way.
 
 
00:19:06
 
Tim Hershberger: Now, see the message they just got or you just got them billing call confirmation. Yes, sir. Click that. So, it's confirming the call. This is what the customer received, right? And what's going to happen, Camille, is we're going to what actually happens is we sent the message, right? We we're going to wait five days to see if they book. Nothing's happening after they book right now, but we wait five days. That allows us to follow up automatically for your staff. Like, they can immediately follow up be like, "Hey, you didn't book yet. Do you want to book? Tracking with me?" So, since you did book, you booked. It's wonderful. You're booked. Go ahead and hit opportunities right now on the top left on the main uh GHL menu. Contact opportunities. So, we're just going to jump real quick. So, that's a tool that I'd love for them to use. If they don't use it, it's fine. We're going to put it on the website.
 
 
00:19:57
 
Tim Hershberger: But all that is set up now. Immediately, you can do things. Change your pipeline that you're looking at right now. Change that very top uh dropdown right there. Yes, sir. Change it to that bottom one right there. an engagement pipeline. Um, so I have a different pipeline going. As I said, we'll eventually go through this with your team. Right now, look under call booked. Do you see your name? Yep, you see it. AdW application Camille on the right hand side,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: sir. Right there. See you. So, that's that record. Go ahead and click on it. So, this is the opportunity like in here is where we would record all the details,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: you know, ALW, all that great stuff. This would eventually go to close. The contact though is connected to this. So they could have multiple opportunities. They could have ALW waiver.
 
 
00:20:50
 
Tim Hershberger: They could have consulting. So on so forth, right? Tracking with me so far? Okay,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: cool. So it's all set up. This is behind the scenes. Just that's about as far as we need to get with it right now. Does that sound good?
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: Good. Oh,
Kamil Rajpoot: sure.
Tim Hershberger: two two more things. Let's check two more things. Uh go ahead and close this window and then go to calendars because you're going to get hopefully this will start getting filled up soon. I just want you to be comfortable with it. Go to calendars on the left hand side and there is a mobile app you can do all this into. I think that's how your staff's doing it. And all you have to do Camille is go to appointment view list. That's it. Just when you log in try to go here. I mean it's going to be on your phone too but there's your appointment.
 
 
00:21:32
 
Tim Hershberger: You're going to get a text message and an email message 15 minutes before this appointment and it's going to tell you everything we know about them, the number of beds, all that great stuff. That's the idea. Um, is that some of that if we have it, it will be in there. If your staff sets it up,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: it might not be in there, but it comes from the website. It will be in there.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Um, sound good so far. Can you verify on your phone real quick? Actually, is that appointment on your phone?
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: on your calendar, your Apple calendar phone.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Oh, thank goodness. Yay,
Kamil Rajpoot: I see.
Tim Hershberger: it works.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah,
Tim Hershberger: Awesome.
Kamil Rajpoot: it
Tim Hershberger: So, whatever you're comfortable with, you can be like, "Hey guys, use this at your whim." You know,
Kamil Rajpoot: works.
Tim Hershberger: directions from you is going to be more mean more than me. They probably think I'm trying to step on their toes.
 
 
00:22:26
 
Tim Hershberger: I'm not trying to help them. Um, but all right, cool. Now, let's go back. Let's look at the fun stuff. Let's go back to Upwork. Like, I'd love for your team to send that calendar, of course, but that's not what we're relying on. We're going to get them there through the website and Google My Business and all this other stuff. So, don't want to overwhelm you, Camille. I am working on so many things um for you and I just don't want to go much further until I get some feedback. Um one out loud question. I'm just going to say it.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Um you want this website built in GHL. go high level so that you and your team at eventually can update this thing, right?
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Imagine so. Yes, you do. Good. Okay. So, just to to explain it, the way we building the way I'm building the website to speed things up and increase quality is I'm using AI.
 
 
00:23:12
 
Tim Hershberger: I mentioned this to you. When I build it, we're going to get it perfect in AI is the goal. And then I'm going to put it in GHL. Go high level. I've already done that a little bit. you're going to be able to tell the difference when you look at the pages that are in go high level versus the ones that are not technically in go high level yet. It's okay. I didn't want to keep going down that path until you and I connected though. I am a thousand% confident that I'm going to make it perfect. Does that make sense? Yeah. So, just as we're looking through this, just talk your mind.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Be aware that I'm aware there's some weird things like there's some background images that aren't exactly not background images. there's some things that aren't perfect um on the on two of the pages u but mainly I just want to get your feedback on
Kamil Rajpoot: I'm done.
Tim Hershberger: everything.
 
 
00:23:57
 
Tim Hershberger: So yeah, go ahead and share your screen again and then we will spend 30 minutes just going through this because there's some fun stuff.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: Okay,
Kamil Rajpoot: let me
Tim Hershberger: I'm show you what I've sent you so far.
Kamil Rajpoot: know.
Tim Hershberger: Um go to that little um wherever the list is. Yeah, let's just start start there. Home Oh, no. Okay, that is the right one. Cool.
Kamil Rajpoot: You want me to click on something
Tim Hershberger: Uh, click on something else. No, no, no, no, no. Go back.
Kamil Rajpoot: else?
Tim Hershberger: Sorry. I've had a couple variations of home and I was just concerned that it was the wrong one. Um, all right. Just uh What do you
Kamil Rajpoot: ALW billing and licensing support for RCFE plus ARF
Tim Hershberger: think?
Kamil Rajpoot: owners. Uh over 1.5 million. If you're tired of guessing what's pending, what's denied, and what's next with construction? Okay. Choose the bad membership.
 
 
00:25:06
 
Kamil Rajpoot: The memberships allow you at any of our construction already operating in management construction licensing California plus California licensing plus a starting
Tim Hershberger: I added that. I don't need California, but I think it's a key word
Kamil Rajpoot: up or expanding guide
Tim Hershberger: differentiator.
Kamil Rajpoot: RC.
Tim Hershberger: rough rough I'm consulting now the
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: picture this is a placeholder there's going to be a video
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Not just billing clear execution plus the patent owners actually need
Tim Hershberger: There.
Kamil Rajpoot: uh not just clear. We help you operate with less guessing. A lot of billing companies are soft. We are first and process light. They submit claims, collect and move on. We stay engaged. A lot from there we will explain what's realistic for your facility. Um from there we will explain what's realistic from your facility and execute with structure AL billing state lic state licensing.
Tim Hershberger: We could change all this.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. State licensing.
Tim Hershberger: So this the images are placeholders.
 
 
00:26:57
 
Tim Hershberger: I'm not in love with how it looks,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: but just want to get home is
Kamil Rajpoot: Start a new start a new facility or expand with
Tim Hershberger: usually
Kamil Rajpoot: or expand and the clean process will help moving clear requirement matters what doesn't going if you're already in a LW funding if you review what's limiting both now that's good many providers aren't looking for a ship they current setup. I don't know how
Tim Hershberger: this this and the medical billing page will look a lot better. Notice the difference when we hit the other pages because this is one of the ones that's actually in go high level right now. So notice there's no wave and some of the other cool stuff we have other pages. It's not implemented yet mainly because I didn't want to keep working on until I saw how you felt.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: But it's I mean there's a lot of content here, Camille. Like every page has a lot of stuff.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
 
 
00:29:01
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, I like it. It's It's good.
Tim Hershberger: All right. So now let's dive into these dropdowns are funky. I'm going to fix those.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: They look weird. Let's just start with AL billing because that is a page.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Um so you could go to it, right? Yeah, that's fine. Do that. Yep. So this is the other one that's currently um in go high level. So the design is not as fancy. You see what I mean?
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: And this I went a different direction after our talk last time. So, blunt way. Tell me what you think once you see this b****. Those bullet points look terrible. What do you think of that image?
Kamil Rajpoot: Now, are you having me focus more so on the layout or the content on here for both?
Tim Hershberger: both 100% both and you don't so right now both but
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: there will be a point of time where I imagine you're going to like you mentioned you're going to click through and give me like complete feedback but probably both honestly because I'm doing content too so
 
 
00:30:48
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: anything you say I The last time you felt this page was a little weak in terms of content. So, I went a different route. This is the story brand thing route framework if you ever heard of it. Presenting you as a hero to lead them through and then there's a three-step process.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: So, that's the concept on this page. How do you feel about it? Because it's very different and story. It's story. It tells a story more so than the other pages that your data set. And it doesn't mean this is right.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, I'd say I don't know. Um, it's really vague. Um, if I'm looking at this as an owner, I'm not fully convinced that It just looks looks too generic, I guess. I don't know. I don't know if it's the verbiage or the layout or both. I'm just I don't know. I'm not Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Let's jump to another page and come back to this.
 
 
00:32:08
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, we'll come back to that. Uh RCF
Tim Hershberger: Good. Good deal. Click on these.
Kamil Rajpoot: license,
Tim Hershberger: So these are more fully functioning to an
Kamil Rajpoot: get RCF license in California without guesswork or rework. uh RC if you if you're opening,
Tim Hershberger: extent.
Kamil Rajpoot: buying or expanding will help you understand is quick going to be there. The word quick right here. You see this?
Tim Hershberger: Yeah. I don't think it should.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: I didn't
Kamil Rajpoot: cuz you can or you can just do like a little T-chart like click here to see the difference between
Tim Hershberger: see
Kamil Rajpoot: an RCFE or ARF or something and then they click it and then something like that. What RCF licensing is and why it matters operating.
Tim Hershberger: all this, you know. Tell me what's wrong.
Kamil Rajpoot: If your plan is to provide care and housing for older adults, opening buying. Yeah, this is good. If any of these are true, yeah, I mean, I'll have to go into a deeper dive on the wording.
 
 
00:33:33
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Um and the messages being relayed, what usually goes wrong and cost you time?
Tim Hershberger: Totally. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: I just want to make sure I'm on the
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. I I mean, if you're asking how's the layout,
Tim Hershberger: right
Kamil Rajpoot: it's good. Um
Tim Hershberger: content. I mean, am I close?
Kamil Rajpoot: we're getting there.
Tim Hershberger: Like you think you're one away or
Kamil Rajpoot: We're getting there. Yeah, we're getting there. Um I think
Tim Hershberger: So, you got a what's included. We I added this. Not every page has this. What do you think of that? And then right there would be the calendar. I don't know why it's not loading.
Kamil Rajpoot: It's okay.
Tim Hershberger: So, you have five different calendars. on this page. They would book directly for that appropriate calendar or the licensing.
Kamil Rajpoot: I think I think less is more. Um, and I don't want to overwhelm my audience with too much text.
 
 
00:34:51
 
Kamil Rajpoot: I want to go more so with less text, simpler messaging, and more direct verbiage of what we're doing. Um, when I when I start speaking key terms within what goes into this, that's going to speak to them a little bit more. Um, so the layout's nice. Um, but I'd like to see less um, in terms of wording.
Tim Hershberger: Do you want to lose?
Kamil Rajpoot: Um,
Tim Hershberger: Do you think like one of those sections we could lose for instance? You wanted to add a section about what it is. So you got that right off the bat. Then the pain points is typical. You would highlight pain points. I mean are those accurate? You know, what are you trying to solve here? Is what are you able to solve for them? I guess is what that second section should be focused on. Why is this a value to them? One other thing about content too, I'd say Camille is it is a major factor in terms of SEO and stuff like that.
 
 
00:35:49
 
Tim Hershberger: So, it's a balancing act. Um,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: you know, I would say most people don't scroll to the bottom 40% of pages at all.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Like most people don't.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: So within the first two to three sections, that's where we want to make sure we're speaking to them and pushing them to take action and all that great stuff. So I agree with you. If you're getting bored on the content, it feels vague. That's not the necessary right feel because ultimately you want them to book,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: right?
Kamil Rajpoot: Exactly.
Tim Hershberger: And that the main you want them to get to the booking
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. It's It's just
Tim Hershberger: consultation.
Kamil Rajpoot: um honestly I I can't explain it. I'm
Tim Hershberger: talk to like so I may maybe one of the things to do maybe
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: you know I mean you got a lot going on right now when you do a deep dive look at this and tell me instead you know h how you present it to people because this is sort of the same thing like they're sitting in front of you if this isn't the path that you go through with them you know here's what it
 
 
00:36:48
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: is here's how I can help you what you're going to have run into. You know, here's here's what my plan is if you sign up with us.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: I this is, you know, we definitely need to revise it, but it needs to be in your tone.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm. Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: So, I think, you know, honestly, because you're busy, I think the best way to do this kind of revisions based on, you know, how it's going is if you're comfortable with those voice notes, like you said, I mean, go through a conversation with me. Um, and I can do it with you like live. I could sit here and listen to you too,
Kamil Rajpoot: No, no, no, no. I I'm not going to perform well like that.
Tim Hershberger: but but deeper,
Kamil Rajpoot: I need to
Tim Hershberger: you know what I mean? Deeper in thought like like like Tim,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: you know, here's my thoughts on RCF license. You know, it's pretty busy.
 
 
00:37:33
 
Tim Hershberger: And I like the fact that we go into the licensing thing right off the bat. You know, it looks very blah at the top. But then, you know, I it's not the right words. Like here's what goes wrong, that's not right. Here's what they always tell me. Like so that's what we're missing is I've used AI, I've used deep research, I've used all this stuff to define what the you know problems are and what you're solving and on this specific stuff we got we got to just fine-tune
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: it.
Kamil Rajpoot: let me quickly look
Tim Hershberger: Go to RF. Yeah, I want to look at yeah each one of these I want to go back to two things at the end then you see how and this graphically doesn't look right. I don't know why that top section right there is messed up. what increased funding means. It graphically should look a little different. But yeah, keep going because this is good
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah,
Tim Hershberger: feedback.
 
 
00:38:19
 
Kamil Rajpoot: I think I clicked on ARF and then it came up about funding, right?
Tim Hershberger: Oh,
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh let me see.
Tim Hershberger: I gave you the wrong link.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh so ARF licensing, I clicked that. Yeah,
Tim Hershberger: Gave you the wrong I get it.
Kamil Rajpoot: increase funding. Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Click on f***. I didn't give you the wrong one.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um
Tim Hershberger: I probably gave you the wrong link.
Kamil Rajpoot: increase
Tim Hershberger: Nope. Click on state licensing. I think it works honestly.
Kamil Rajpoot: fun.
Tim Hershberger: Click on it. Go back to that link. Either one. You should be able to click.
Kamil Rajpoot: If I click when I click on ARF licensing,
Tim Hershberger: I believe I have them.
Kamil Rajpoot: it brings up increasing funding.
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um
Tim Hershberger: Go here. Go to state licensing at the top. Um, state licensing to the left and then go to ARF. I think it works. Click it.
 
 
00:39:08
 
Tim Hershberger: It's doing the same thing. Okay. Let me get that. I'll get that while you're doing just jump you look at the next page.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Maybe that one. Let me get the right link. That's not the
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh, you want me to do?
Tim Hershberger: right.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. So, let's go back here. Uh, which one do you want me to click on next?
Tim Hershberger: We do the next one.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh, well, that was RC.
Tim Hershberger: Whatever's next.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Okay, so AL waiver.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: let's do
Kamil Rajpoot: ALW waiver application support,
Tim Hershberger: that.
Kamil Rajpoot: clear steps, clean paperwork, fewer avoidable delays. If you're starting AL or you're stuck midprocess, we help you understand what is what it is, why it matters, what's next without overwhelming.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, that page was copied wrong. That's just off page.
Kamil Rajpoot: You know, another thing I think that's just throwing me off visually more so than the actual context is uh excuse me, content is I think shaping.
 
 
00:40:46
 
Kamil Rajpoot: I think I get very ADA add when all the shapings aren't formed in the same size. So, when I see this bigger side versus a smaller one and we go down and there's just all these different sizes and I see this blank area, it gives me like weird anxiety. That's just a me thing.
Tim Hershberger: Okay,
Kamil Rajpoot: Um,
Tim Hershberger: makes sense.
Kamil Rajpoot: yeah.
Tim Hershberger: All
Kamil Rajpoot: I think that's also another thing is I want to make sure just the shapings is is
Tim Hershberger: you
Kamil Rajpoot: very uniform.
Tim Hershberger: uniform and not so abstract.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes. Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: How do you feel about the how the process works section?
Kamil Rajpoot: Application.
Tim Hershberger: That doesn't bother you though because it's uniform.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. No, that's great. That's great in terms of the layout. Yeah,
Tim Hershberger: I see what you're saying.
Kamil Rajpoot: it's uniform.
Tim Hershberger: It's visual
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes. Yeah, you get a clear list of what's needed,
Tim Hershberger: stuff.
Kamil Rajpoot: what's documentation. Yeah, that's good.
 
 
00:41:31
 
Kamil Rajpoot: This is good. How the process works. I like that.
Tim Hershberger: How do you feel about the book? And I understand what you're saying about the sections. Totally can fix that.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: How do you feel about those two side by side? They're a little off. Symmetrical.
Kamil Rajpoot: Little bit.
Tim Hershberger: Is that messing with you?
Kamil Rajpoot: You can just make this a little smaller and or make this bigger. It doesn't matter. Either one.
Tim Hershberger: That that does bother you. Okay. Um,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: that's good.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: That's fantastic feedback.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. All right. Cool. Let me go to the next one. This was which one?
Tim Hershberger: Go back to the other one. See if it's working now. I think I restored it.
Kamil Rajpoot: Arf.
Tim Hershberger: Click that. Yeah, I had the wrong thing. No, hit refresh one time. Never
 
 
00:42:04
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me try this again.
Tim Hershberger: mind.
Kamil Rajpoot: Maybe it's this. No, honestly.
Tim Hershberger: No.
Kamil Rajpoot: Are Yeah, I mean Yeah. I mean,
Tim Hershberger: Oh, I didn't publish it.
Kamil Rajpoot: it's Okay,
Tim Hershberger: That's why. Hold on. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. Stay there. I didn't hit publish.
Kamil Rajpoot: there we go.
Tim Hershberger: Hold on.
Kamil Rajpoot: I think I It came up now. Yep. Okay.
Tim Hershberger: That's
Kamil Rajpoot: Adult residential facility licensing made clear, organized, and executable.
Tim Hershberger: the guy's head should not be cut
Kamil Rajpoot: Another thing for me,
Tim Hershberger: off.
Kamil Rajpoot: uh, this is just a small thing that I've caught with chat GPT and AI or these little hyphens here. I don't know if that's the right word.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Dash. There you go.
Tim Hershberger: Dash.
Kamil Rajpoot: Dash has got to go because it's just too obvious that we use chat GPT.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: And RF is facilities providing 24. See, this is good.
 
 
00:42:47
 
Kamil Rajpoot: I like this. It explains this is perfect. Like, you know, walking, you know, you're you're talking to a 5-year-old, right? Okay. Number one, what the hell is an ARF? And you dive into it right here. That's what I love to see, right? An ARF is licensed facilities 24 medical care and supervision for adults. Boom, boom, boom. Yes. If you're opening, buying or changing oper if you're opening uh buying or changing operations uh or you could say expanding. If you're opening, buying, expand or change or expanding operations, we help you understand the path sequence work correctly. Okay, great. Um,
Tim Hershberger: You don't like this header though, right? I'm on the same page. You want a full header.
Kamil Rajpoot: yes.
Tim Hershberger: You don't like how the quick ele one image.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes. I like the full head.
Tim Hershberger: Keep it sequential.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes,
Tim Hershberger: Get rid of the whole the AI is the thing that does all these little boxes and layers like that.
 
 
00:43:37
 
Kamil Rajpoot: I understand. I understand.
Tim Hershberger: Looking at the what is RF license in California if I'm guessing the first three boxes is okay but then where you go two and then one that's just too much
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, I think okay, as I'm looking at this, let's just say header here,
Tim Hershberger: right?
Kamil Rajpoot: adult residential facility, ARF. Um, just that's the title, whatever, right? And then below it, you know, an ARF, what is an ARF? Blah blah blah blah blah. Okay, it breaks it down. We don't need book all this, right? I mean, this stuff can all be at the bottom. you know, we don't need to shove the calendar in their face now because right now they're still at the understanding what what this is phase. So, ARF, we define it. We literally put the definition here.
Tim Hershberger: Right.
Kamil Rajpoot: We scroll down.
Tim Hershberger: Is that overkill?
Kamil Rajpoot: Um,
Tim Hershberger: Do we need this section or not? It's the same thing, but it's more details.
 
 
00:44:30
 
Kamil Rajpoot: so this can be so this can be combined com combined combined what whatever the word is. This can be combined with the intro. So like we have the title and then we define it here maybe underneath this and then we'll have these we have these boxes here too.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah. Gotcha. Gotcha.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Gotcha. Go into that right off the bat.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes.
Tim Hershberger: You like how that right population served type of care and oversight looks
Kamil Rajpoot: Exactly. That's correct. Yes. Yep. Yep.
Tim Hershberger: good.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yep. Yep. Type of care. Yep.
Tim Hershberger: Okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: Perfect.
Tim Hershberger: The whole top quarter of the page when you visit it on both is going to be the very here's what it is. Here's who it benefits. Very Wikipedia type.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes. Yes.
Tim Hershberger: Okay,
Kamil Rajpoot: I'm a I'm a 5-year-old.
Tim Hershberger: makes sense.
Kamil Rajpoot: What does this mean? Yes.
 
 
00:45:13
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Exactly.
Tim Hershberger: You're answering
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Um adult focus. That's great. RCFE,
Tim Hershberger: questions.
Kamil Rajpoot: you don't really need this here. Um I mean, you can, but this will be focused more on the RCF page. Um we can remove all the book, you know, all that stuff. where our applications get stuck. Um, you know, in instead of saying where they get stuck or or or what the pain point is, we don't really need to. I think the pain point in it is the application in itself because it's very tedious and very long. I don't think we need to necessarily highlight that, hey, here's the problem, but more so yeah, more so, hey, here's what we're going to do for you, right? We're gonna, you know, generate the application so it doesn't get stuck and fill out all the documentation and,
Tim Hershberger: Yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: you know, blah blah blah,
Tim Hershberger: makes sense.
Kamil Rajpoot: all that
Tim Hershberger: They already know the problem. That's why they're searching.
 
 
00:46:03
 
Tim Hershberger: So,
Kamil Rajpoot: stuff.
Tim Hershberger: really lose this section and lo on the other page where you're looking at too, sort of same concept. lose the painoint section because they already know the pain points. So instead,
Kamil Rajpoot: Exactly.
Tim Hershberger: this is what it is. Here's our road map. But don't have road map side by side.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes.
Tim Hershberger: That freaks you out. Um which understand that's it looks different on mobile. Totally looks different on mobile.
Kamil Rajpoot: I like the road maps. I I want to I want to just I I want to go back to emphasizing the road maps like one,
Tim Hershberger: Um
Kamil Rajpoot: two, three, four. I I with the visual and the basic summary. Here's what we do. I love that because that's like easy as one, two, three ABC, right? Um and that's the message I'm trying to get across. Simplicity. We don't need to oversell them on here are the pain points and here's that here.
 
 
00:46:45
 
Kamil Rajpoot: No, just here's what this program is. Here's the road map. here's how we're going to help you. You know, if you have any questions, book a call,
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: you know, something like that. Um,
Tim Hershberger: Keep it simple,
Kamil Rajpoot: keep it very simple.
Tim Hershberger: right? So then so that that the road map you need,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: but you don't really need the RF licensing support then, right? a whole section here.
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me see. Let me read it.
Tim Hershberger: I mean,
Kamil Rajpoot: What you get licensing support, clear deliverable. So, you core support, clarity on requirements,
Tim Hershberger: it's
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, no, it's actually important information because I what I do like about this is that it gives the the customer confidence like, okay, I'm paying for it. What does that entail? Obviously, it entails the application, but what else? Right? So, okay, I know that they're going to help me with um a checklist specifically for my facility.
 
 
00:47:49
 
Kamil Rajpoot: So, um I think I think it's important,
Tim Hershberger: That helps.
Kamil Rajpoot: but I think if you can simplify this even more within the road map
Tim Hershberger: Makes
Kamil Rajpoot: somehow, right? Um I'm thinking more road map images,
Tim Hershberger: sense,
Kamil Rajpoot: man. Like step one, step two, step three, step four.
Tim Hershberger: right?
Kamil Rajpoot: And each step has maybe four or five bullet points of what we're doing in each section of those of that road map. So it's good. I I I don't want you to delete it, but I want you to somehow consolidate this portion into the road
Tim Hershberger: Right. Right? If I gave you a document or sent you an email later today um that said,
Kamil Rajpoot: map.
Tim Hershberger: "Hey, reminder, I need four steps, three steps, two steps for the services." Could you like bullet point that for me real quick?
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Yeah, I can do that.
Tim Hershberger: Like here's our step process because they're not gonna align with what you do pretty much.
Kamil Rajpoot: Sure.
 
 
00:48:43
 
Tim Hershberger: Um cool. What do you think about this little guy here?
Kamil Rajpoot: Which one?
Tim Hershberger: Like visually the your guide.
Kamil Rajpoot: Right here.
Tim Hershberger: Do you like the idea of this your guide? We're introducing you through the content pages at the very bottom right before they get to the the calendar. We're making it who they're booking a consult with. Is that, you know, needed? Do you like it? Do you should we just incorporate it into the section? book at RF
Kamil Rajpoot: I think I think this should be at the top.
Tim Hershberger: K.
Kamil Rajpoot: I think I think if anything this should be on the very top here, maybe above the adult, you know, above above that, maybe this should be the header, you know. Um, and then we dive into what's an ARF, blah blah blah. Um,
Tim Hershberger: Tell me why.
Kamil Rajpoot: well,
Tim Hershberger: I know why.
Kamil Rajpoot: because the way I'm looking at this is this,
Tim Hershberger: But
Kamil Rajpoot: they know that we're the guide after reading all this.
 
 
00:49:39
 
Kamil Rajpoot: So, we don't really need to re re,
Tim Hershberger: right
Kamil Rajpoot: you know, remind them of this portion because they know we're doing all that here. So if I'm reading a website and I click on someone's page and I see this then I I say okay your guide through arf licensing. Yeah I need arf licensing. Who is this guy? Okay he from his name is Camille.
Tim Hershberger: I
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay I don't know may I mean I just think this is redundant if it's at the bottom or in the middle.
Tim Hershberger: see.
Kamil Rajpoot: I think the best place this should be is maybe somewhere at the top.
Tim Hershberger: Do you like the So, question, I'm with you. Do you like the idea of Camille or vaguely? I already know the answer. You want Camille, right? So each page should be like here's why Camil's a specialist, an expert in this experience. Let me work
Kamil Rajpoot: You can put from you can put you can put from an owner from an operator
 
 
00:50:25
 
Tim Hershberger: on
Kamil Rajpoot: or or from Camil from you know something like that you know from Camila something like that so it gives the credibility like who the hell is Camille oh this guy owns his own facilities. Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: I understand. Totally makes sense. Okay,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: cool. Let's jump to because I'm gonna I'm gonna pull in a different direction in four minutes.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm. Okay. Don't worry. We can go a little bit over. It's fine.
Tim Hershberger: I'm gonna have you look I'm g have you look at something totally different at the very end.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Let's go to the next page. I think you can click on it. Like I think you can click Yeah, click on either one of those.
Kamil Rajpoot: Let's do
Tim Hershberger: Whatever one you want.
Kamil Rajpoot: funding.
Tim Hershberger: You like this header more, right? the top section of the page versus the other one like fighting for each other.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Mhm.
 
 
00:51:13
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, it's
Tim Hershberger: Too much going on still
Kamil Rajpoot: good.
Tim Hershberger: though.
Kamil Rajpoot: I I'll reward this. It's good. There's just a couple things missing here. Will
Tim Hershberger: Visually, this should be like you don't like it,
Kamil Rajpoot: increase
Tim Hershberger: but visually that that should be three different sections. ALW optimization, building workflow, and document readiness. And this is again just from our conversations. So, this definitely is one where you're going to want to give some
Kamil Rajpoot: I hear you.
Tim Hershberger: feedback.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. I think honestly, Tim, without my feedback, you're very limited. So, I don't want you to feel like, uh, s***. I think it's something a call out for myself that I really need to sit down and do a deep dive and provide you my feedback via a voice note or via whatever, right? And I think that responsibility falls on me because I have to guide you. You You don't know what you don't know. So, I need to I need to give it to you.
 
 
00:52:10
 
Kamil Rajpoot: And so, um I just need to really sit down and take the time to do that for you.
Tim Hershberger: Perfect. Yeah. Yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: Um Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: we're good. We're good. This is This is good. Um I exactly on the same page because the next steps Camille is I definitely could build this so I could
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
Tim Hershberger: finish it and we launch it all that kind of stuff. But then honestly in my brain like while I'm waiting looking at that I could start working on messaging and remarketing
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: campaigns and what that tone is going to look like because I have something I'm going to show you in a second where they visit
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: this website, right? Like my goal is to get eyeballs on this website page, but really my goal is to get people interested enough to where we start identifying who they are and then we can start marketing to them. You have five paths.
 
 
00:52:50
 
Tim Hershberger: You have a bunch of journeys. I They got plenty to do. I have plenty to do. But I need to make sure the wording on this, you're right, is dead on because my goal would be a nurture campaigns.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: You know, one email is the top section.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Another email is talking about one of these pain points under revenue links.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: You know, so getting the content right now 100% is the most important thing because everything I
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: build is going to come from this. So, it's real important that it resonates. Um, let's go back real quick to that list. I got five minutes. I'm going to keep you on your five minutes. I know you're busy. Um, let me show you one things. I just wanted to show you it. Uh, click on just for the heck of it. Click on consulting for a second. I know we're far off here, but again, same thing.
 
 
00:53:35
 
Tim Hershberger: I think you're going to look at this and you're going to be like, "No, yes, this wording is good. This wording is terrible." Um because I went off of the one minute statement you made the last call. Like I went back in the transcript and I listened to it again.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: So you're see I have phases broken down and I even got the whole consulting deck that they're going to get and it's I know it's wrong but my goal is that this will speed it up for you.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: You can look at it and be like nuhuh this is what I want to say or this is and and just
Kamil Rajpoot: It's not that far off.
Tim Hershberger: think good great wonderful good.
Kamil Rajpoot: It's not that far. Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Okay so now let's jump because now it's gonna bring it all together in a second.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: So go back to to Upwork.
Kamil Rajpoot: Go back to Upwork. Go
Tim Hershberger: Yep. Yep. And then go click on home.
 
 
00:54:15
 
Kamil Rajpoot: ahead.
Tim Hershberger: Let's just go straight to home. So this is not beautiful. But click on the home link and go. So here's the vision. Click on book consult. Right now I don't want them to know what kind of consult they want. I just want them to book, right? I just want to know who's interested in leads. So check this bad boy out. This is a Is it Can you read it? Is it big enough?
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh, hold on. Okay. Yes, I can read it. It's big enough.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, just digest this and talk to me about it as you go through it.
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh,
Tim Hershberger: What's your
Kamil Rajpoot: shoot.
Tim Hershberger: thoughts?
Kamil Rajpoot: Now, facility business name in CA. It says required. Um, if they don't have one, is there another option?
Tim Hershberger: Sure. We don't have to. Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: So, you could put,
 
 
00:55:02
 
Tim Hershberger: Doesn't we don't have to ask that.
Kamil Rajpoot: you know, I I like it. I think you should put it. I do because I want to see who these people are and if for the ones who are existing um in and put facility business uh facility business name and in parentheses if applicable, meaning if they don't have it, then they don't have to put it. So, don't make it a mandatory field. Email, phone, really straightforward. Okay, cool. Should I go through it real quick? Let me just see John
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, let's do it. So you can see the vision.
Kamil Rajpoot: Smith ABC
Tim Hershberger: Use a different email. A different email.
Kamil Rajpoot: facility. Uh, I'll use yours, Tim. I'm just kidding. Uh, John Smith atyahoo.com 949290121.
Tim Hershberger: anything.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Next, we'll confirm you're in California and collect a couple facility details so we can route your um you can just remove this. I don't think this we need that.
 
 
00:56:00
 
Tim Hershberger: That's fine.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh okay. Or you can do uh you could do next. Uh yeah, continue. That's fine. Okay. All right. Zip code 92. How many beds? Okay, this is good. I like that. What year? Okay, cool. Uh, currently on the ALW, currently listed as Oh, license. License. Okay, I see.
Tim Hershberger: I have no idea if this is right.
Kamil Rajpoot: Currently on the ALW waiver. Check. Uh, current uh currently licensed as RCFE. Okay. U or a fourth one would be current uh looking to open something like that,
Tim Hershberger: Oh yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: right? Looking to you know,
Tim Hershberger: right.
Kamil Rajpoot: I don't know something like that. Um, currently licenses RCF currently.
Tim Hershberger: Okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh, okay. That's fine. All right. Let's do all three. Next. Ah, okay. Like it.
 
 
00:56:56
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Like it. Like it. Like it a lot. Can they select multiple? Uh, no. It's okay.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: That's fine.
Tim Hershberger: because it's one calendar. I don't want them to do that to you.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. I understand. Okay. Let's just say billing.
Tim Hershberger: And we can frame that here. Like maybe we just show them one because we are alluding to that. We're going to let them I don't know. What do you think? This is your options. You have five of them. I'm afraid they're always going to go to consult with Camille.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, you're right. Um,
Tim Hershberger: I can just lose.
Kamil Rajpoot: licensing consultation, billing strategy consult um, funding revenue. Okay. ALW waiver. Um, yeah, you're right. They probably was just going to click this.
Tim Hershberger: They're always which,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: you know, at the end of the day, is that okay?
 
 
00:57:40
 
Tim Hershberger: I don't know.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um I don't want to do that's not okay because what
Tim Hershberger: It's not really what you want.
Kamil Rajpoot: okay this means consulting as in you're need me for consulting services to start a new facility they're going to read this as well I kind of need help with all three of these or just two of them so let me just do a consultation with them and then this might to in
Tim Hershberger: Right.
Kamil Rajpoot: them they may be asking about a a or b for me I I don't want that because I want to know if the call I'm giving into is for licensing specifically billing or this or that.
Tim Hershberger: How do you make a
Kamil Rajpoot: So, it's good you have it there.
Tim Hershberger: decision?
Kamil Rajpoot: I I don't know how we can either remove it or reward it in a way where they don't just click it because they have questions about maybe some you know what I'm saying like
Tim Hershberger: Yes.
Kamil Rajpoot: um
Tim Hershberger: I think let's just lose like honestly my thoughts are lose it because we see the other pages they don't have this modal the other pages they let them book directly on the right calendar so if you they really want
 
 
00:58:34
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: consulting they're going to go down that consulting page maybe we just lose that option
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: right here from the because this is for the the tire kickers honestly the ones who are coming in like yeah I'd love to talk to them and what do you think to lose it for now we can always bring it back but
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: it's still available they can go. So when they fall in love with you and they read the consulting page and they understand what consulting
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh, actually, no. No. I have an idea. I have an idea. Leave it and I'll tell you why.
Tim Hershberger: is,
Kamil Rajpoot: So I just realized what you put underneath which I like. Licensing cult guidance for licensing startup. Okay, that's good. Building strategy billing workflow review and revenue. Perfect. Funding revenue expansion consult. Additional funding. Uh could you do me a favor? Just FYI, remove the word habilitation from here.
Tim Hershberger: Oh yeah,
 
 
00:59:23
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Okay. It's okay. Expand strategy. We'll come up with that.
Tim Hershberger: right.
Kamil Rajpoot: AW help AL waiver program up. Okay. Consult with Camille. speak directly with Camille for um speak directly with Camille if interested in starting your journey in opening a facility. Okay? Because when they read the consultation with Camille, they're going to know, oh, okay, it says this is specifically if I want to open uh a facility. So you could just put something and maybe reward it with consultation with Camila to um opening a facility. I don't know like um you know starting your own facility you know um consultation uh something like that you so so change the header and the verbiage down here so it's very clear that this last one is specifically if I'm looking to open a
Tim Hershberger: Should
Kamil Rajpoot: new facility. They're not going to click it if they want to talk to me about billing because they're like, I don't want to open up a new facility. I already have one.
 
 
01:00:28
 
Kamil Rajpoot: So, I think this is just a matter of rewarding it.
Tim Hershberger: we show the question? Should we show them all five or because I didn't filter it based on what they picked
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: before? So if you check those things and you say I'm a new business, Brad when it says you're a new business, then they see it. If they don't, so you're you're doing one to two years. I wouldn't even let you see it because you already said so. The only thing you would honestly see would be what's funded I guess based on what you're checking here.
Kamil Rajpoot: No, I think you should leave it. I like this.
Tim Hershberger: Do you want Let him see all we're just getting data what we're
Kamil Rajpoot: I I do like it. Yeah, I leave them all. I I like giving them the option of being able to select it.
Tim Hershberger: doing.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, just leave it. It'll give me more information, too.
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah,
 
 
01:01:08
 
Tim Hershberger: Okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: I like it.
Tim Hershberger: So now click one of those. Any of them. What happened? Okay. Good. Uh, this visually needs to be adjusted a little bit. We're still in the modal,
Kamil Rajpoot: That's
Tim Hershberger: that's why. But here, you can go ahead and click it.
Kamil Rajpoot: okay.
Tim Hershberger: Look at
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. So, I think where might get a little repetitive is that this part already came up on details. What I don't want them to do is be like, "What the f***? I gotta fill this out again. I just did it on page one. I'm over it." Right.
Tim Hershberger: Oh yeah, it should have passed that.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um,
Tim Hershberger: Yes, it definitely should have passed those values through and we'll have all Yes.
Kamil Rajpoot: yeah. So, this needs to go. But yes, that's just
Tim Hershberger: Yep. 100%. Yeah, that definitely I didn't realize what did I'm trying to
Kamil Rajpoot: whatever.
 
 
01:01:58
 
Tim Hershberger: see. Created John Smith. Oh, this is freaking amazing. Check this out. You're gonna love it. You said you got a couple more minutes. Good. I'm gonna show you this after we get done. My whole goal this call was to get feedback and get you excited.
Kamil Rajpoot: I like this. This is good. Just Okay. Perfect. You're meeting at Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Perfect.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect.
Kamil Rajpoot: That's a I like that.
Tim Hershberger: So, get So, get Let me show you something real quick.
Kamil Rajpoot: I like that a lot.
Tim Hershberger: Let me show you something.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: So, get out of this real quick. Go back to go high level.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Glad you like that. I had a feeling you would.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. I like that a lot.
Tim Hershberger: Go to contacts right there on the
Kamil Rajpoot: Uhhuh.
Tim Hershberger: left. Look for John Smith.
 
 
01:02:40
 
Tim Hershberger: See him? Number three.
Kamil Rajpoot: It's right here.
Tim Hershberger: Click them. Oh,
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh,
Tim Hershberger: you entered John Doe for that.
Kamil Rajpoot: is it Sorry, which
Tim Hershberger: Okay, you see what happened? So,
Kamil Rajpoot: one?
Tim Hershberger: you got two of them now. You got one that did an appointment named John Doe Smith with that email. And then you got the other one that started it. So,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: I'm tracking each of those steps, Camille. So, click on the first one,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: the second, sorry, second one, not the first one. So, that's the one that booked. So,
Kamil Rajpoot: this
Tim Hershberger: that uh Yes. Yes, sir.
Kamil Rajpoot: one.
Tim Hershberger: So, this one only did step one and two. This is great. the way you did it. They only did step one and two. So,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: look on your left over here. Um, go to which one is it?
 
 
01:03:17
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: I think it's form sign up on the left. You see the blue section down there?
Kamil Rajpoot: Forms. Yep.
Tim Hershberger: I think it's this.
Kamil Rajpoot: That's it.
Tim Hershberger: Uh, sorry, wrong choice. Uh, go to general additional info. Maybe I put it under additional info. Nope, one more. General info. Uh, go to the bottom. Why is nothing merging over? Yeah. Anyways, you got the postal code in there. You can see that with the other stuff that merged. But the the idea basically is step one of that modal is um
Kamil Rajpoot: Uhhuh.
Tim Hershberger: enter your info,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: your email. Step two is what kind of business are you? You know, are what kind of appointment do you want? And then step three is actually make the appointment.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: So like in the case of this guy, he got added to the system without booking an appointment. So, we can follow up with him, nurture him, give him information to push him down the funnel, and we know what he filled out that didn't show up in here, but I know where he's from.
 
 
01:04:15
 
Tim Hershberger: I know how many beds he has, so on and so forth. So, you have different abandoned carts. Like, even if they did step one, we could be like, "Hey, you forgot to fill out step two. What kind of business are you?
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: What kind of business are you? What about that consult?" Does that make sense?
Kamil Rajpoot: How would that go? Is that an automatic uh email followup from one of my salespeople?
Tim Hershberger: I'd rather control the whole thing.
Kamil Rajpoot: Like how does that work?
Tim Hershberger: It just be automatic. So, you know, I'm on your website. I'm looking at the ALW information. I hit the modal. I fill out step one. I enter the email, the phone number. I go to step two. It's asking me questions about my business. I'm not happy. I leave. Options. 10 minutes later, I get a text message. It says it's you. Hey, this is Camille.
 
 
01:04:58
 
Tim Hershberger: I saw you started the form. are you interested in a consult? Love to set up a time with you. Here's a link. So then we just ask them, hey, let's just book book. And if they do step two,
Kamil Rajpoot: That looks
Tim Hershberger: they enter, you know, I'm a new facility.
Kamil Rajpoot: good.
Tim Hershberger: Um, I haven't done anything. They stop. They don't pick the consulting one. We can build it out to where that text message or email says,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: "Hey, I saw you didn't book an appointment and that you have three beds and you've been in business two years. Do you want to set up a consultant?" They're going to say no because they don't want to. That's perfect. We start dropping content to them via SMS, via remarketing campaigns, YouTube. We start because we know who they are now. So now we start teaching them things you want them to know. You know, if they're new business all of a sudden on YouTube or at home while they're watching TV, they see an ad that and it's you saying if you're working on an AO business and you're looking for billing solutions and does that make sense?
 
 
01:05:55
 
Kamil Rajpoot: It does make sense and I love that vision.
Tim Hershberger: That's the whole journey.
Kamil Rajpoot: That's I'm down for
Tim Hershberger: That's the whole shebam right there is what we're doing.
Kamil Rajpoot: that.
Tim Hershberger: So the content that we sent to that guy though, right? He's on the AL page. He's on the RF licensing page. That content what's going to get him to want to fill out the form. He's not going to go all the way. Painpoints,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: case studies, and stuff like that is what we're start showing them to get him to take the plunge to book the consult. Because what really happens is I'm on your ARF page. follow me. I'm googling ARF or ARF,
Kamil Rajpoot: Gotcha.
Tim Hershberger: you know, licensing. I'm googling it. I stumble on your page. I see that you're a guide. I I read it. I'm like, "Wow, this guy can do it." I start filling out the form and I'm like, "Oh, he wants my business name." I'm not telling them that.
 
 
01:06:39
 
Tim Hershberger: I'm not telling them anything. I don't want to do it. So, then they keep trying to figure it out. They see your marketing. Time goes by. They You keep educating them. And then before you know it, they're like, "Let's just have him do it because he knows how to do it." So, they're going to start reading your Does that make sense?
Kamil Rajpoot: It does make sense. I hear you.
Tim Hershberger: exactly what we're doing 100% we're doing is which of the five people are they?
Kamil Rajpoot: I hear you.
Tim Hershberger: That's why there's five calendars.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yep.
Tim Hershberger: So when your team big picture when your team during their conversations can get that person to to get them the right calendar link is all I care about. Get them the right calendar link sent to them. Marketing can get them on the phone with you and they still get credit. Um do you know what I mean? Because if so you follow me they're talking and they're not ready for funding.
 
 
01:07:19
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yep.
Tim Hershberger: Don't send them the freaking funding thing because then all of a sudden I'm start treating them like a senior VP and you know opening a new facility.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm. Exactly. Okay, I hear you.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Makes sense. Um, I did have one more question before uh we end today's meeting. John, I noticed um Sorry,
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: Tim. I don't know why I said John here because I'm reading it. Um, I noticed that, um, the other day one of my assistants pointed out the AI robot and there was something I just wanted to fix in
Tim Hershberger: Oh yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: there.
Tim Hershberger: didn't even talk.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, can you show me where that
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, talked about that. We forgot to go about it. So, go back to the website page.
Kamil Rajpoot: is?
Tim Hershberger: That's cool that they so saw it. I mean, I don't even use how they see it. Hit home.
Kamil Rajpoot: Um, I don't know how they saw it.
 
 
01:08:05
 
Tim Hershberger: How do they see it?
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Uh,
Tim Hershberger: They must have seen the pages then.
Kamil Rajpoot: okay.
Tim Hershberger: So, down there in the bottom right hand corner,
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: you got this little robot. I haven't even shown you this guy yet. See him in the bottom right hand corner? Uh, sorry.
Kamil Rajpoot: because we got a message.
Tim Hershberger: From who?
Kamil Rajpoot: We we we I I don't know.
Tim Hershberger: Me.
Kamil Rajpoot: So, um uh we got a message. Let me uh hold
Tim Hershberger: Bottom right hand corner is where it is. See it? The Hi there.
Kamil Rajpoot: on.
Tim Hershberger: Have a question. Click it. That is your sales rep. I haven't even talked to you about this.
Kamil Rajpoot: Nice.
Tim Hershberger: It's not live though. So, the question would have maybe came from me during training. I think like it should not be live.
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh,
Tim Hershberger: There's no way it's live.
Kamil Rajpoot: maybe let me show
 
 
01:08:42
 
Tim Hershberger: I made it only live on this website.
Kamil Rajpoot: you.
Tim Hershberger: That's it.
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me show you the picture.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, just in case. I mean,
Kamil Rajpoot: Maybe it was you.
Tim Hershberger: if they're seeing something though, like send me an email.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, hold on.
Tim Hershberger: Stakes do happen.
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me show
Tim Hershberger: But this should not be responding to your SMS.
Kamil Rajpoot: you.
Tim Hershberger: It should not be It can It can respond to Facebook. It can respond to
Kamil Rajpoot: Here we go.
Tim Hershberger: everything.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh, guest. Let me This Maybe this was you.
Tim Hershberger: I have tested it. Definitely did. Actually, I can look it up. I can see it.
Kamil Rajpoot: right here.
Tim Hershberger: Uh,
Kamil Rajpoot: Can you see my screen or no?
Tim Hershberger: no. I'm still on the other one.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, hold on. Let me see. Hold on. Stop sharing.
Tim Hershberger: I forgot about the AI robot.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay, hold on.
 
 
01:09:33
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me show you. I got it right here. Entire screen. Okay, it's right here. This I'm interested. You Is this you?
Tim Hershberger: That's me. That's me 100%.
Kamil Rajpoot: Guess that's you.
Tim Hershberger: So%
Kamil Rajpoot: H Okay. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. So, I I just I just wanted to talk about the verbiage for this.
Tim Hershberger: So
Kamil Rajpoot: Um and if that's like, hey, we're not there yet. Don't worry. I I'll fix that for you later. We can move on. Otherwise, if this is something I should bring to your attention now, let me know.
Tim Hershberger: You tell me what is it? Yeah, tell
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. So, I I don't do the workers comp thing. I don't do thirdarty liability um billing.
Tim Hershberger: me.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh I just want to make this very specific to we handle medical AL billing. Um reducing denial, speeding up payments, providing clear reporting. That's fine.
 
 
01:10:25
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Just I just wanted to remove the insurance workers comp,
Tim Hershberger: Gotcha.
Kamil Rajpoot: third party liability stuff.
Tim Hershberger: Gotcha. Do you have like three minutes to play with this thing real quick?
Kamil Rajpoot: That's all.
Tim Hershberger: Just so I can give you the vision on that.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah, that's fine.
Tim Hershberger: Um, go back to that chatbot. So, I think I just activated it and I loaded it with some temporary information. The ultimate goal, Camille, is once we get the website nailed, we then would take the information that's on the website and feed it to this bot. That way, the bot basically speaks the same language as the website. Um, but check this out.
Kamil Rajpoot: I
Tim Hershberger: I want to show you the vision because this is super like super cool. So,
Kamil Rajpoot: see.
Tim Hershberger: open it up all the way so you can see the bot again. And then I don't know why it's not showing up. Are you on the homepage? You got to go to the Oh, it's still loading.
 
 
01:11:08
 
Tim Hershberger: That's why. So, you're loading.
Kamil Rajpoot: Let me try it again.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, I think it's only on the home page. Oh,
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh,
Tim Hershberger: I lost your screen.
Kamil Rajpoot: should I? Okay. Yep. You lost it. Damn it. Right when I find it, you lose one. Okay.
Tim Hershberger: This won't take long. I just want to I think this will help moving forward because I don't want them to be scared of this AI bot nor you. Okay, so check this out. This is the idea. This thing, follow me here. This thing is controlled by an AI conversion agent. It is set up in your account. It has a knowledge base. We can teach it all kinds of crap. We can adjust everything. The idea is that this thing technically can communicate on social media for you. Communicate everywhere. Right now, it's limited to only this. This is the only place they can see it.
 
 
01:11:59
 
Tim Hershberger: We could test it. I at the least I love the idea of launching the website with it because if people interact with it, it does amazing things. But we don't have to. Once we confidence in it, then maybe we have it respond to emails and maybe we have to do some other things. You don't have to. But the idea is that this thing can. It's also the same as voice. So when you feel confident of chatting with this, you could talk to the voice one just the same. It's just a voice. Make sense so far? Ask it real quick. Hey, what do you guys What services do you offer? Um for uh just so what services do you offer?
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Ask asking that real quick. We're going to ask like three questions real quick. I just want to show you some. So the little chat bot there, click on that little type message thing.
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh, I did.
 
 
01:12:41
 
Kamil Rajpoot: I don't know if you're seeing my Do you see it?
Tim Hershberger: No, I'm not. I'm not. Sorry.
Kamil Rajpoot: It propped up. Damn it. My bad. Let me do
Tim Hershberger: What do you think?
Kamil Rajpoot: this right here. You see
Tim Hershberger: Yeah.
Kamil Rajpoot: it?
Tim Hershberger: Okay. Perfect. Good. Good. So, it says better game, right? So, say, "What service uh do you offer for medical billing?" How can you help my business with medical billing? Just say something vague right now. We're going to be done in a second. I just want to show you this. So, this is not trained 100%. This is trained on like version one of your website, if that makes sense. Once we have version three, four done, we're we're take all the wording.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: It will literally sound like your website because it never will make things up. We tell it what to say.
 
 
01:13:25
 
Tim Hershberger: Basically, we give it guidelines. It's instant though is the main thing. So, it gives you instantly. Okay, cool. Um, yes. Just say yes real quick just for the heck of it. Say yes. So, it's instant. It makes it seem like it's managed. It makes it seem like there's someone on the other side of this actually talking to you. But, as you see, Camille, it creates a record and go high level. They're interacting with me. I can now communicate with them. So now they're offering this say yes.
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: Yes, I want to book a call. It can it can know which page you're on and it can be specific about which calendar we book based on which page they're on. But right now this thing can book this thing can book on your calendar.
Kamil Rajpoot: his
Tim Hershberger: It can do everything. Um I think I set it up to book in your calendar at least. Uh but it can literally control the conversation.
 
 
01:14:01
 
Kamil Rajpoot: name.
Tim Hershberger: We can give them answers. If you ask frequently asked questions, we can send the right page. As you see here, this thing's ready to book for you. It can it can you can complete it. it will add the information to go high level is the same thing can happen on the phone. This is the same thing that can happen with SMS. Um right now your staff is communicating with SMS. I have it turned off. The second we turn it on it can start communicating with people in the same manner that this does. Um so it literally can take over except the difference is we can fine-tune it, we can massage it, we can control it, all that great stuff.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: Does that make sense?
Kamil Rajpoot: great. Really cool stuff.
Tim Hershberger: Awesome.
Kamil Rajpoot: Really impressed. Love it.
Tim Hershberger: Awesome.
Kamil Rajpoot: Love it.
Tim Hershberger: So,
Kamil Rajpoot: Love it.
Tim Hershberger: Scott,
Kamil Rajpoot: Love it.
Tim Hershberger: the the big hanging fruits, I'm going to send you a list.
 
 
01:14:49
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yep.
Tim Hershberger: I send you an email if you get time. The only thing I would ask is just try to give me your steps that you take with all the services you offer, like steps that you guys go through. I'll send you that today.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: And then the GoDaddy thing, that's big from him. Um,
Kamil Rajpoot: He said he did it.
Tim Hershberger: once he do you want do you have a minute to look at it?
Kamil Rajpoot: He said he I do.
Tim Hershberger: It is big.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yes, sir. Let's refresh this
Tim Hershberger: This is I think I can get you on GMBB once this is done.
Kamil Rajpoot: mofo.
Tim Hershberger: And then the other thing is going to be website review. So I'll send you one email with a link to the website stuff so it's easy for you.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. He just he messaged me and said done. Should I log out and log back in,
Tim Hershberger: Oh, nope. Nope.
Kamil Rajpoot: do you think?
 
 
01:15:30
 
Tim Hershberger: Go to GoDaddy and share your screen one more time.
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh, okay. You're not seeing my
Tim Hershberger: Might as well. This is big, honestly.
Kamil Rajpoot: screen.
Tim Hershberger: Go to GoDaddy. Go to my products. I haven't done this in like 10 years, but it should be the same. Oh, no, not my products. Go to my account. Top left. We're getting close. Oh, scroll down. I'm sorry. Scroll down. Looking for my domains. Domains. Um,
Kamil Rajpoot: My
Tim Hershberger: just click manage all top right. Tap manage all right there. Perfect.
Kamil Rajpoot: don't
Tim Hershberger: And you have to transfer it. And transfers top left. It's the exact same as it used to be. Yep. It transfers. Should see it. Bingo. Hit that right there. Accept transfer.
Kamil Rajpoot: except
Tim Hershberger: Yes, sir. Enter your information. This is what goes on the public record.
 
 
01:16:26
 
Tim Hershberger: So, billing and info is what you want to put. You want to put admin at here. Don't put your personal email. Put admin at here.
Kamil Rajpoot: Oh, okay.
Tim Hershberger: This is Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: My real one though, not that fake one
Tim Hershberger: Yep. This is public record.
Kamil Rajpoot: there.
Tim Hershberger: Who owns the the website? This cannot be changed for 90 days, I believe.
Kamil Rajpoot: Can I just put my office address here?
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, definitely 100%.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Okay. All right.
Tim Hershberger: Don't let that be your personal phone number.
Kamil Rajpoot: Continue. Don't Don't remove this.
Tim Hershberger: That's not your personal number, is it? Put the billing.
Kamil Rajpoot: That's why I only have one.
Tim Hershberger: That's fine. If it's business, it's okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: This is where people will try to sell you Google services and stuff.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah. Yeah. Ah, I see. I see. I see. Okay.
 
 
01:17:07
 
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Hit continue.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Uh,
Tim Hershberger: Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: continue.
Tim Hershberger: They're gonna know you have it.
Kamil Rajpoot: Can I remove it or they're going to require it?
Tim Hershberger: You have to have it.
Kamil Rajpoot: No, they're going to require it.
Tim Hershberger: Yeah, you have to have something.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay,
Tim Hershberger: This is how they find you. Hit say yes to that. Oh, this is freaking awesome.
Kamil Rajpoot: continue.
Tim Hershberger: This is really big. Um, okay. Hit view my domains real quick. Let's just see if it's done by chance. Right. Not. Is it? It is. Um, all right. Real quick since you're in here, just one more second. Oh, another tab. Go to Google Search Console. Google Search Console. Hit enter. Hit enter. Top left. Right there. Bingo. Oh, lost your screen again. I think it's every time you change something.
 
 
01:17:53
 
Tim Hershberger: There we go. A new window opens, maybe. We're almost there. Promise. Beautiful. Hit start now. Should take but a minute. Um, enter right there. medbillingco.com. This will be easier since you're already logged in. Hit continue one time. Hit uh verify.
Kamil Rajpoot: Who's actually pretty
Tim Hershberger: Oh, it's not doing it. Damn it. Hit okay.
Kamil Rajpoot: good.
Tim Hershberger: Hit copy right there. See? See where it says copy? Yep. Hit copy. Sorry, I'm gonna ask you to do this. Hit that one time and then go back to GoDaddy.
Kamil Rajpoot: Go back to Go Daddy.
Tim Hershberger: Click on medbillingco.com on the left hand side. Yep.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Click that. And then you're going to go to DNS on the top top middle. Then you're going to hit add new record. Why do you have no records here? Oh s***, he's forwarding. Why do you have no records here?
 
 
01:19:03
 
Tim Hershberger: Go to name servers. He's got everything over at the name server.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: Okay, we're going to leave that alone. I'm not going to touch it. Um, can you do one more favor? Go back to the message with him and we're going to send him a
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: reply. All right. Tell him thanks. Got it. But it's going to be another week. It'll be another week before
Kamil Rajpoot: But it's going to be to be another
Tim Hershberger: we before
Kamil Rajpoot: week before
Tim Hershberger: we put up the new hosting.
Kamil Rajpoot: we put up the new hosting.
Tim Hershberger: Can you please add this text record to the site ground records so we can
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: verify GSC just say that it's a and then hit space enter or enter so new line and then Hit it's a text
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: record. Then space new line and just hit paste. Paste. Paste what's on your bingo.
 
 
01:20:32
 
Tim Hershberger: And then hit send. He should be super familiar with that. So as soon as he does that, I actually have the same access.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: I can hit approve. And then it will approve it. We're have Google search console. That's a big step. making your domain name is going to be super or domain live when you're ready. It's gonna be really easy because he has it. I don't want to screw anything up though,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: so that's why we're not doing anything. Um, we're gonna ask him to add this one last record. Um,
Kamil Rajpoot: Mhm.
Tim Hershberger: we're good to go. Yeah. So, we can jump. I'll send you that email. When do you want to get together again? When are you gonna have time for you?
Kamil Rajpoot: Let's do Let's do a week from today.
Tim Hershberger: I would say is probably the big thing.
Kamil Rajpoot: Does that work?
Tim Hershberger: Yeah,
Kamil Rajpoot: The fourth.
 
 
01:21:08
 
Tim Hershberger: yeah, sure.
Kamil Rajpoot: And just send the invite out. And then until our next meeting, I guess my action item. Do you need me to just sit down and go through their
Tim Hershberger: that. Yep. I can't do a whole lot else.
Kamil Rajpoot: website?
Tim Hershberger: And I mean, I could probably do a couple things here and there. I just don't want to waste your time. But that is a giant piece. Yes. When you have an hour,
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: I would say I'll get I'll send you a link, make it super easy, voice notes, what'sever comfortable for you. But if you can unload your mind on me,
Kamil Rajpoot: I'll probably do voice.
Tim Hershberger: then I can take it to the next level.
Kamil Rajpoot: Yeah.
Tim Hershberger: If it if it's this week, that would be awesome if possible because I can have it all ready and we could go through it again live and you know what
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay. Okay. Understood.
Tim Hershberger: I mean?
Kamil Rajpoot: I understand. Okay. Let me work on that then.
Tim Hershberger: Yes,
Kamil Rajpoot: No problem. Um,
Tim Hershberger: sir.
Kamil Rajpoot: so I'm going to go through all the pages you sent me in Upwork. Uh, right here.
Tim Hershberger: Let me send you one email.
Kamil Rajpoot: Uh, these ones,
Tim Hershberger: Let me send you one email today.
Kamil Rajpoot: right?
Tim Hershberger: Make it really easy. I'll just I'll place post it here too.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Two things I need from you. One is a Google document.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
Tim Hershberger: Here's the steps for each of our services. I'll share it with you.
Kamil Rajpoot: Okay.
 
 
Transcription ended after 01:22:33

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
